Architecture Update (#411)
dbos-inc/dbos-docs: docs/architecture.md

<img src={require('@site/static/img/architecture/dbos-architecture.png').default} alt="DBOS Architecture" width="750" className="custom-img"/>

You can integrate DBOS into your existing application running on your existing servers and infrastructure in just three steps:

1. Install the DBOS library into your application.
2. Connect to any Postgres database.
3. Annotate workflows and steps directly in your application code.

For more detail on how to add DBOS to your application, check out the language-specific integration guides ([Python](./python/integrating-dbos.md), [TypeScript](./typescript/integrating-dbos.md)).

Once integrated, DBOS automatically checkpoints every workflow and step execution in your application to Postgres.

> When failures occur, whether from crashes, interruptions, or restarts, DBOS uses those checkpoints to recover each of your workflows from the last completed step.

Reviewer: We can put a forward link here to the `How Workflow Recovery Works` paragraph. This is just a high level overview, for people who want to know the details, we can encourage them to read further.

Next, you must build infrastructure to operate and scale the worker servers.
Finally, you must operate and scale the orchestration server and its underlying data store (for example, Cassandra for Temporal), which are both single points of failure for your application.

> DBOS is simpler because it **only takes responsibility for checkpointing and recovering your workflows**.

Reviewer: DBOS is simpler because it runs entirely **in-process**, taking responsibility only for checkpointing and recovering your workflows.

> DBOS is simpler because it **only takes responsibility for checkpointing and recovering your workflows**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DBOS is simpler because it runs entirely **in-process**, taking responsibility only for checkpointing and recovering your workflows.
```

Your workflows and steps remain normal functions within your application that you can keep using the same way you always have.
DBOS simply instruments them to checkpoint their state and recover them from failure.

> By contrast, external orchestration systems also **orchestrate** workflow execution, managing where (on what workesr) workflows and steps run.

Reviewer: Though this is not completely correct, because DBOS can also do scheduling using queues.

## Applications and Databases

> DBOS applications connect to a dedicated Postgres database called the system database.

Reviewer: Explain what is an application first?
